----- joinrs UK - remote


Implementation of Machine Learning Algorithms: You will have the opportunity to implement and test machine learning algorithms, contributing to the development of intelligent solutions for business challenges. Specifically, working alongside our tech team, you will be involved in Joinrs AI: our Artificial Intelligence model that assists our community in finding employment.


Data Analysis and Modeling: You will participate in data analysis, developing predictive models and contributing to provide meaningful insights to enhance business decisions.

Data Visualization: You will learn to create clear and informative data visualizations to effectively communicate complex results to various stakeholders. In particular, you will create interactive dashboards to showcase data and Key Performance Indicators (Data Visualization) to the team, clients, investors, and all key stakeholders.

Optimization of Business Processes: You will collaborate in identifying and optimizing business processes through the application of data-driven solutions.

Participation in Technological Brainstorming Sessions: You will be involved in brainstorming sessions to generate innovative ideas and contribute to identifying new opportunities in the field of Artificial Intelligence.

Continuous Training and Updates on the Latest Trends: You will have access to continuous training programs to stay updated on the latest trends and advancements in the fields of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence.


----- esure group - hybrid


We strongly encourage anyone with the below to apply:
You are a self-starter with experience in delivering research + models to production to drive tangible commercial benefits and improved customer experiences.
You thrive in working autonomously to drive impact in a fast-paced cross-functional business.
PhD or MSc or equivalent a numerate subject: Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, or similar
Demonstrable experience of applying, researching, and developing sophisticated statistical/ML methods to drive value in a commercial setting,
Able to work independently and efficiently to deliver projects on time, taking project briefs and refining them to strong results.
Experienced in engaging with non-technical partners to scope, design and build an appropriate ML solution.
Proficient with Python data science stack
Knowledge of OO programming, software design, i.e., SOLID principles, and testing practices.
Knowledge and working experience of AGILE methodologies.
Proficient with SQL.
Familiarity with Databricks, Spark, geospatial data/modelling and insurance are a plus.
Exposure to MLOps, model monitoring principles, CI/CD and associated tech, e.g., Docker, MLflow, k8s, FastAPI etc are desirable


---- SMG - hybird 


